README.md, before:

# Bot-Rikka

## CAUTION

⚠️ **Viewing this project will definitely waste your time!!!**

## Description

bot-rikka is a discord bot provide various features. Most of the codes from chatGPT

## Features

- query server info and send to your channel
- query local gokz database, get LJ top etc. 

## To Do List

- [x] info

  - [x] embedded

  -  [x] show steam profile picture

  -  [x] find player

  -  [x] jspb

- [ ] **kz global stats**

- [x] leaderboard 
  - [x] jstop
  - [ ] server records holder 
  - [ ] fun stats 
  - [x] playtime rank
  - [x] gokz.cn rank

- [ ] compare ljpb

- [ ] Server Role

  > rank by skill points

- [ ] twitch stream

- [x] server status (cpu, memory, disk, net)
  -  [ ] alert when memory usage too high

- [ ] memes generator
- [ ] whitelist
  - [ ] answer button
- [ ] **Server Trending**
  - [x] daily active player, monthly active player
 - [ ] **Server Charts**
 - [ ] player location map
 - [ ] !help with both EN | CN text
 - [ ] ban player in server
 - [ ] refactor some functions with class

```python
class Steam
class KzStats
```
-  [x] bilibili
  -  [x] bind bilibili
  -  [ ] stream bool
  -  [ ] video bool
-  [ ] give role when user playing in server
-  [ ] Mini Games
   -  [ ] simulate long jump
      -  [ ] random with local database stats
      -  [ ] compare with others  (mini games)
   -  [ ] Rock, Paper, Scissors

## How to Use

1. Create an application in [discord](https://discord.com/developers/applications),  and get the Token

2. download the bot:

   `git clone https://github.com/cinyan10/bot-rikka.git `

   or download the zip

3. create a `.env` file in the bot folder, and set the config
   ``` 
   DISCORD_TOKEN=
   WEBHOOK_URL=
   WEBHOOK_URL_TEST=
   DB_HOST=
   DB_PORT=
   DB_PASSWORD=
   DB_USER=
   STEAM_API_KEY=
   TRENDING_WEBHOOK_URL=
   ```

4. set other configs in config.py

5. install requirements:

   ```shell
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

   if there's an error

   > File "python3.12/site-packages/valve/source/messages.py", line 379, in <module>
   >  class Message(collections.Mapping):
   >                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    you can modify the `valve/source/messages.py` file in the `valve` library. Open the file and locate the line that starts with `class Message(collections.Mapping):`. Replace it with the following line:

   ```
   class Message(collections.abc.Mapping):
   ```

   This change ensures that the correct `Mapping` class is used

6. run the bot
   `python3 main.py`

7. waiting for it crash

Commit message:

Update handling of user IDs and server status display
Removed code for handling mentions and extracting user IDs from localstats.py. Improved privacy by obfuscating IP addresses in server status display. Also, updated class references in README.md and added more tasks to the todo list.

README.md, after:

# Bot-Rikka

## CAUTION

⚠️ **Viewing this project will definitely waste your time!!!**

## Description

bot-rikka is a discord bot provides various features. Most of the codes from chatGPT

## Features

- query server info and send to your channel
- query local gokz database, get LJ top etc. 

## To Do List

- [ ] 添加中文插件指令以及介绍文本
- [ ] Server Information with both EN and CN
  - [ ] button link

- [ ] Edit channel name to implement dynamic channel name 

- [x] info

  - [x] embedded

  -  [x] show steam profile picture

  -  [x] find player

  -  [x] jspb

- [ ] **kz global stats**

- [x] leaderboard 
  - [x] jstop
  - [ ] server records holder 
  - [ ] fun stats 
  - [x] playtime rank
  - [x] gokz.cn rank

- [ ] compare ljpb

- [ ] Server Role

  > rank by skill points

- [ ] twitch stream

- [x] server status (cpu, memory, disk, net)
  -  [ ] alert when memory usage too high

- [ ] memes generator
- [ ] whitelist
  - [ ] answer button
- [ ] **Server Trending**
  - [x] daily active player, monthly active player
 - [ ] **Server Charts**
 - [ ] player location map
 - [ ] !help with both EN | CN text
 - [ ] ban player in server
 - [ ] refactor some functions with class

```python
class SteamUser
class PlayerKzStats
```
-  [x] bilibili
  -  [x] bind bilibili
  -  [ ] stream bool
  -  [ ] video bool
-  [ ] give role when user playing in server
-  [ ] Mini Games
   -  [ ] simulate long jump
      -  [ ] random with local database stats
      -  [ ] compare with others  (mini games)
   -  [ ] Rock, Paper, Scissors

## How to Use

1. Create an application in [discord](https://discord.com/developers/applications),  and get the Token

2. download the bot:

   `git clone https://github.com/cinyan10/bot-rikka.git `

   or download the zip

3. create a `.env` file in the bot folder, and set the config
   ``` 
   DISCORD_TOKEN=
   WEBHOOK_URL=
   WEBHOOK_URL_TEST=
   DB_HOST=
   DB_PORT=
   DB_PASSWORD=
   DB_USER=
   STEAM_API_KEY=
   TRENDING_WEBHOOK_URL=
   ```

4. set other configs in config.py

5. install requirements:

   ```shell
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

   if there's an error

   > File "python3.12/site-packages/valve/source/messages.py", line 379, in <module>
   >  class Message(collections.Mapping):
   >                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    you can modify the `valve/source/messages.py` file in the `valve` library. Open the file and locate the line that starts with `class Message(collections.Mapping):`. Replace it with the following line:

   ```
   class Message(collections.abc.Mapping):
   ```

   This change ensures that the correct `Mapping` class is used

6. run the bot
   `python3 main.py`

7. waiting for it crash
